feat(queues): add doc for Queues product (#4801)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/queues/concepts.mdx

## Credentials

Credentials give services and platforms access to Scaleway Queues, enabling them to connect to the host system. Credentials for Scaleway Queues define whether the bearer is allowed to write, and/or read, and/or manage queues. Refer to our [credentials documentation](/queues/how-to/create-credentials/) for more information.

## Dead-letter queue

A **D**ead-**l**etter **q**ueue (DLQ), or **undelivered-message queue**, receives and holds messages that cannot be delivered to their destination queues. A DLQ must be of the same type (FIFO or Standard), in the same Project and in the same region as the queue(s) it serves. Each DLQ also has an associated parameter: [maximum receive count](#maximum-receive-count). A single queue can serve as dead-letter queue to multiple source queues.

> If you designate a queue as a DLQ and its [storage quota](/organizations-and-projects/additional-content/organization-quotas/#queues) is reached, messages won't be redriven to the DLQ until enough free space is available again. If your DLQ is at its full quota, free up space by receiving and deleting messages from any queue in your Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you designate a queue as a DLQ and its [storage quota](/organizations-and-projects/additional-content/organization-quotas/#queues) is reached, messages will not be re-driven to the DLQ until enough free space is available again. If your DLQ is at its full quota, free up space by receiving and deleting messages from any queue in your Project.
```
